you
I
and this is also as you may have
recognized excellent exercise for them
like yes yes this is this is Houdini no
what did I can see Italy they know does
that - no behaviors if he already knows
because he knows that he's been rewarded
before he's just an excellent train
all the way down the underground you see
how I know you work I can see it
good boy yeah okay
no I say let's go I want to see him go
with you
okay do a right turn 90 degrees say
let's go come back this way
ask him to sit get them is sit excellent
usually you know I was
good that's good self-control familiy
knows a mortgage
want you to graduate to not happy
this is our old here QT remember that
one
want to make sure you jump for it good I
want to click the moment you make well
you got to decide whether you think
that's gonna be okay actually I think
it's going to be fine because it's not
that high value right out fight over it
but but yeah it's uh probably hopefully
between them yeah and and this little
back and forth and like you got it oh
you got it way I want it he this is all
like very enriching mentally for them as
well as physically and so I think maybe
this is a perfect toy that looks yeah it
looks really good